I am in a little city called Oxnard
which is in California this is a
Homewood Suites Hilton
chime do not go off
how about that a talking Schindler you
don't see those quite often
there's lighting in the shaft
that is so weird how you can open the
door when it's going in to nudge
and there's a view all the way down
there white LEDs I don't think I've ever
seen that on a Schindler
that is so cool that the elevator talks
there's just two sweets along here
if only they had 3d arrows because I
think it means that those rooms are
pointing this way are down here
I hear it coming
doesn't use a chime as well
pretty big elevator for a home inspector
very nice and do like the wood
let's stop a little too soon
and here's a little more of Oxnard
California there's a Hilton Garden Inn
over there I'm actually staying there
it's a really beautiful day today
and that's about it